Add example Docker Compose of running lakeFS with PostgreSQL for K/V store (#125)
treeverse/lakeFS-samples: README.md

* [lakeFS + Dagster](./01_standalone_examples/dagster-integration/)
* [Labelbox integration](./01_standalone_examples/labelbox-integration/)
* [How to migrate or clone a repo](./01_standalone_examples/migrate-or-clone-repo/)

> * [Running lakeFS with PostgreSQL as K/V store](./01_standalone_examples/docker-compose-with-postgres/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Running lakeFS with a PostgreSQL database](./01_standalone_examples/docker-compose-with-postgres/)
```
